DDSaaS: HubSpot Content Hub: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#18670)
DataDog/integrations-core: hubspot_content_hub/README.md

# HubSpot Content Hub

## Overview

[HubSpot Content Hub][1] is an all-in-one content marketing software that helps marketers create and manage content at scale. It helps create rich, expertise-backed content, in many formats, for many channels.

The HubSpot Content Hub integration collects Activity Logs (audit, login, security) and Analytics Metrics (breakdown categories, content types), sending them to Datadog for detailed analysis. The logs are parsed and enriched for efficient searching, while the metrics provide insights into content performance.

> It includes dashboards that show and analyze both Activity Logs and Analytics Metrics, making it easier to monitor and understand trends and issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration includes dashboards that show and analyze both Activity Logs and Analytics Metrics, making it easier to monitor and understand trends and issues.
```

## Setup

### Configuration

The HubSpot Content Hub Integration requires a HubSpot Content Hub Enterprise Account and a Private app. 

> (Refer Steps to create a HubSpot private app and access token below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Steps to Create a HubSpot Private App and Obtain the Access Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a HubSpot Private App and Obtain an Access Token
```

1. Log in to [HubSpot Content Hub][2] and navigate to **Settings > Integrations > Private Apps**.

> 3. Click **Create private app**, then provide the necessary details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Create private app**, and then enter the required information.
```

> 4. On the **Scopes** tab, select the following scope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Scopes** tab, select the **Request** checkbox for the following scopes:
```

>    - **account-info.security.read** (Check the Request box)
>    - **business-intelligence** (Check the Request box)
>    - **content** (Check the Request box)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **account-info.security.read**
   - **business-intelligence**
   - **content**
```

5. Click **Create app**.
6. Review the details in the dialog box and click **Continue creating**.

> 7. In the success popup, click **Show Token** and then click **Copy** to use the access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the success popup, click **Show Token**, and then click **Copy** to use the access token.
```

8. To view the token later, go to the list of private apps, find the created app, and select **View access token**.

> #### HubSpot Content Hub DataDog integration configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure the HubSpot Content Hub integration in Datadog
```
